Support Laravel 9 (#199)
kontenta/kontour: README.md

Kontour is there to provide enhancements and reusable elements for your admin
area.

> You need at least **Laravel 8** to use the latest version of this package.

Reviewer: @bjuppa I guess this one should say `9**` now and not `8**`?

Author: Good suggestion, I've updated the wording!

> You need at least **Laravel 8** to use the latest version of this package.

Author: ```suggestion
You need **Laravel 9** to use the latest version of this package.
```
